Update docs (#149)
nf-core/multiplesequencealign: README.md

#### 2. TOOLSHEET

The toolsheet specifies **which combination of tools will be deployed and benchmark in the pipeline**.
Each line of the toolsheet defines a combination of guide tree and multiple sequence aligner to run with the respective arguments to be used.

> The only field which is compulsory, is the aligner. Tree, args_tree and args_aligner are optional and can be left empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The only required field is `aligner`. The fields `tree`, `args_tree` and `args_aligner` are optional and can be left empty.
```
